[docs] Add toggle-button coming soon page (#36618)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/components/toggle-button/toggle-button.md

---
product: joy-ui
title: React Toggle Button component
githubLabel: 'component: toggle button'
---

# Toggle Button

> <p class="description">A Toggle Button can be used to group related options.</p>

Reviewer: I have a question about terminology: What does the term "toggle button" refer to? This document seems to use it as a synonym for both "a group of buttons (that the user can toggle between)" and "the individual button that's part of a group." That can quickly get confusing for the reader. The issue is similar to what we've encountered with the Radio Group. 

I would propose following Radix's terminology:
- a Toggle (Button) is a two-state button which may or may not be part of a group
- a Toggle Group is the component that wraps related Toggle Buttons

If we go with this, here's how I'd phrase the description:

```suggestion
<p class="description">A toggle is a two-state button that may be part of a group of mutually exclusive options.</p>
```

Author: Sounds good to me. "A Toggle Button can be used to group related options" is too broad.

:::info
💡 The Joy UI Toggle Button component is still in development.
If you're in need of it, please upvote [**this issue**](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/issues/36617) to help us prioritize the next batch of new components.
:::

## Integration with headless UI libraries

In the meantime, you can still adopt Joy UI today for building a toggle button!

This document shows how to construct it with existing Joy UI components combined with popular headless UI libraries.

> ### Using the `IconButton` component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the Icon Button component
```

> Joy UI's [`IconButton`](/joy-ui/react-button/#icon-button) component is perfect for building a toggle button because it already produces a square button with an icon inside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Joy UI's [Icon Button](/joy-ui/react-button/#icon-button) component is perfect for building a toggle button because it already produces a square button with an icon inside.
```

> Joy UI's [`Icon Button`](/joy-ui/react-button/#icon-button) component is perfect for building a toggle button because it already produces a square button with an icon inside.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Joy UI's [`IconButton`](/joy-ui/react-button/#icon-button) component is perfect for building a toggle button because it already produces a square button with an icon inside.
```

### With Radix UI

Using Joy UI's Icon Buton component as a starting point, pass Radix UI's Toggle Button to the `component` prop.
Radix will enhance the functionalities by preserving the styles of Joy UI components.

- [Install Radix UI's Toggle](https://www.radix-ui.com/docs/primitives/components/toggle)
- [Install Radix UI's Toggle Group](https://www.radix-ui.com/docs/primitives/components/toggle-group)

<iframe src="https://codesandbox.io/embed/toggle-button-joy-ui-feat-radix-f2wbct?module=%2Fdemo.tsx&fontsize=14&hidenavigation=1&theme=dark&view=preview"
     style="width:100%; height:360px; border:0; border-radius: 8px; overflow:hidden;"
     title="Toggle button - Joy UI feat. Radix"
     allow="accelerometer; ambient-light-sensor; camera; encrypted-media; geolocation; gyroscope; hid; microphone; midi; payment; usb; vr; xr-spatial-tracking"
     sandbox="allow-forms allow-modals allow-popups allow-presentation allow-same-origin allow-scripts"
   ></iframe>

### With React Aria

> React Aria provides `useToggleButton` hook that can be used with Joy UI's `IconButton` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React Aria provides a `useToggleButton` hook that can be used with Joy UI's Icon Button component.
```

> React Aria provides `useToggleButton` hook that can be used with Joy UI's `Icon Button` component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
React Aria provides `useToggleButton` hook that can be used with Joy UI's `IconButton` component.
```
